# "Being Ben Fairbank"

The Ben Fairbank Project (BFP)

Ben Fairbank is a prominent identity in the crypto community, and a person of interest to the Komodo community.

If successful in VOTE21, the BFP will use 100% of NN net profits to fund an experimental art project based around the public life of Ben Fairbank.

We will use NN profits to purchase quality pictures & videos that capture Ben Fairbank in public places using standard paparatzi 'rules of engagement', we will only purchase legal content that was ethically obtained using well established protocols in photo journalism.

The purchased images will be used to create NFT art works, 100% owned by the holders of a new airdropped governance token, "Ben Fairbank Tokens" (BFT).

BFT will be airdropped to SuperNET token holders, and the "Ben Fairbank Project" will operate as a DAO with all major decisions being voted on by BFT holders.

BFT holders may vote to monetize the collection through auctions, sales, and other collaberations with digital artists.

BFP's long term goal is to experiment and push boundaries with NFT art, explore the nature of "crypto celebrity" at the dawn of mainstream adoption, and (hopefully) over time create value from monetising a collection of Ben Fairbank inspired images, memes, and NFT artworks, to firstly make the project self sustaining, and secondly, create value for the BFT holders, in an attempt to recover some of the losses to SuperNET from the RedFox migration.

We fully admit that turning someones life into a crypto version of "The Truman Show" to create NFT artworks for financial gain will not appeal to everyone, but in the case of Ben Fairbank & SuperNET, we feel it "might" be legitimate, and put the idea up at this time for the KMD community to vote on, and hopefully fund through NN profits.

1. Ben Fairbank is a public figure with years of experience in the crypto industry.

2. BFT will only purchase images & videos that are legally acquired, we will NOT condone any illegal activities.

3. All financial beneficiaries of this project suffered large losses from the RedFox situation.

4. The Ben Fairbank Project could create a significant artistic body of work in a new & exciting mediums.

Vote21 address: RDaM2MQsXcwjWBaPCyWgSosMSQ6A5kBGx2
Region: EU
